---
templateKey: about-page
path: /about
title: Welcome to My Page
image: /img/m.jpg
---
### About the Content and Future Objectives

When I first started to think about *WeStillAlive* I was reentering my country of origin, Italy, from Nairobi, Kenya. After about two months spent in Nairobi working in a private clinic in central Kawangware, one of Africas biggest slums in Kenya, I let grow the idea in my head that my life could never be the same after that experience. I have always wanted to do something to tell and share that single moment I spent around that yet unfamiliar culture. So, I started *WeStillAlive* to share personal experiences, such as the one in Nairobi, and facts, such as interesting topics in scholastic subjects, that have companied me throughout my studies at TJU, maintaining a global mindset with an emphasis in science. 

In summary, with *WeStillAlive*, I want to share the content of actuality and familiarity giving a scientific point of view to well-understood subjects and events let sometimes lay into superficiality. *WeStillAlive's* first goal is to share the life adventure in the Kenyan culture and area by creating a pleasant atmosphere in which one person's interest and curiosity can come meet science and its educative objective. With that, I want to engage people and science from a more global perspective, a place to place and approach that goes from Nairobi to Italy back to Philadelphia where I currently study. *Westillalive* is a charity-leaned website whose intentions are to involve many interested-in-science individuals to devote their attention to help grow better sanitation and quality water systems in the area of Kawangware, Nairobi, Kenya.

I truly believe that the entire world, broadly considered, through science, needs to come together for the benefit of one public healthcare community so to help developing areas to strengthen their operational sanitation and water sustainability services to assure treatable and preventable diseases still present in their community can be fought back.

### Michele Ganz - the Author

I am a 3-year undergraduate, Pre-Medical student living in Philadelphia, USA. I have recently started to appreciate science, especially these almost finished years as an undergraduate student. 

I am from Italy. So you may already assume things about me, such as that I drink coffee excessively, that I love pizza and pasta, that are simply true for any Italian person you have known or met some time ago. I have to say sincerely that I do not diverge much from that version of an Italian individual that you might have guessed about me. I like what is said about us, what seems to be of Italian origin, culture and tradition only, but there is more than that that can be said about a person of our kind. I indeed consider very interesting the science that surrounds us. I find compelling the every-day scientific novel made of those actions that set the basis of life on earth. To go up and down the stairs to your office or perform on a marathon race aiming for the first positions, those actions might trigger common muscle functions but everything that remains still hidden and specific, like the need to be biochemically perfect to result in the completion of this healthy action, is what fascinates me.
I am Michele Ganz, a graduating 3/year student in Pre Medical studies whose hopes are to successfully continue my career in medicine for the benefit of the community I find myself surrounded with every day and also the ones oversea (Italy and Nairobi). When I am not in my room studying, I love to play soccer, a sport that has been more than a hobby for me when I was younger. I am currently part of the soccer athletic program at the university where I currently study, indeed. I like also to explore the city of Philadelphia and have fun with my friends.